feat(chart): allow to run tpl on `ServiceAccount` annotations (#4958)
kubernetes-sigs/external-dns: charts/external-dns/CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed automatic addition of pod selector labels to `affinity` and `topologySpreadConstraints` if not defined. _@pvickery-ParamountCommerce_

### Changed

> - Allow templatizing `serviceaccount.annotations` in values, by rendering them using `tpl` built-in function: [#4958](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/external-dns/pull/4958) @fcrespofastly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allow templating `serviceaccount.annotations` keys and values, by rendering them using the `tpl` built-in function. ([#4958](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/external-dns/pull/4958)) _@fcrespofastly_
```
